this is someone that doors going to show
you something is wonderful the probably
the best product I've ever seen and yes
I don't say that very easily this is the
new propane tank you'll see what's
there's between this and other propane
tanks on metal this is fiberglass
I said fiberglass extra light you can
also tell you the sides of the tank you
can see when you shake it the size of
how much gas you have left it has half
the weight it will not rust or corrode
it is so light it's just unbelievable
you don't have to work at rusting it has
all the features if you live in the
beach or if you have any senior ocean if
you get a lot of water a lot of places
you'll turn rest I don't show you what
happens to a propane tank if you keep it
arrests or stuff this is another tank
this is a metal traditional tank it will
rust it could explode because of a
microscopic holes in it might explode
this one does not this is the greatest
one we've got this is the fiberglass
propane tank comes in different sizes
well when it come available I'll show
you on the website and as you can see
you've got a thing on top eval you have
the inner size drum inside the outer as
always and it's so light is unbelievable
a child could help pick it up for you
for camping if you're doing for family
activities you don't have to have that
problem no marme
and they're stackable you can stack two
different ones on top if you're going
somewhere or you're pregnant to a
vehicle or hey you're for emergency
preparedness or for bad weather you put
two tanks together this is the ring for
it I so you have their sizes it tells
you how much gas you have a different
places all and it's one tank it is so
much light it is unbelievable so this is
somewhat outdoors gear show you the new
fiberglass propane tank that will not
rust or corrode and it is much lighter
and that's better for the environment
because Lester
so this is someone outdoors gear and joy